Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
They interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
No, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
just it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
All kinds of balance problems there.
Sorry about that, ladies and gentlemen.
We were missing the right channel.
It came back.
Welcome to the show.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon.
Actually, it is 1216.
I'm very, very late.
But I had this audio problem that I want to demonstrate to you so that you understand what I've been dealing with for a long time.
It's a little bit like this monster that's been sitting in the background.
For a very long time that I haven't been able to get my head around.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show This is giga ohm biological high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is the 19th of December 2024 and I have a 16 channel soundboard that I got off of Craigslist it is a
some kind of Behringer thing.
A lot of people actually use it to mic a drum set as like a sub, you know, use a soundboard that you would feed out and balance your drum set and then send that signal out to the main board.
Sometimes this is like what they use in a studio.
And I don't remember how I got it, but I remember I paid $150 for it, and it's been perfect.
But now it has developed this thing where when I turn it on in the morning, sometimes it has this hum for the first 15 minutes it's on, and I've just attributed that to, you know, whatever the
Analog solid-state electronics needing to warm up or you know oxidized, you know connections or something that need to warm up I don't know.
It's in the garage.
So maybe that make it's worse in the winter These are all things we need to check over time but there's 16 channels and I think the first seven
And the last eight or, you know, whenever they kind of don't match up perfectly because a couple of them are double channels.
I don't want to explain how it works.
Anyway, I was using the first two channels for my mics and then the last two for the computers and the soundboard, these kind of media inputs only because of the nature of their plugs up above and only to keep the two separate in my brain so that I would always know that, you know, my mic is way over there and then these other things are over here.
And so anyway, this channel that I've been using for the mic has always had a buzz in my noise in the monitor here.
And if I can you hear it?
Now it's gone again.
Can you hear it?
And so for me, that's loud.
And
And if I turn off some of these other ones, it gets louder.
And so it's bizarre.
I think it's actually going down.
So it could be just a warmup.
Anyway, long story short, I've been goofing around with that for 25 minutes and finally figured out that I could just move it to channel eight and put it next to these other ones.
And now there's, I can't hear any noise at all, which is actually, this is, this is heaven.
Um, I feel like I've, I've moved up a whole level in terms of tech here.
So,
Uh, sorry about that.
I just, you know, it's a, it's a Craigslist machine and apparently I, I've been trying to troubleshoot something that I could have very easily fixed many, many, many months ago by just moving the XLR input to a different place.
And I've been trying to troubleshoot the noise as like, you know, it's coming in through the power or.
Ah, anyway, long story short, healthy people don't get sick.
And you should put a priority in clean water, clean food, having a clean environment, exercising regularly, and surrounding yourself with the love of as many, you know, family and friends as possible.
I think that in order for us to get ourselves out of this, we need to have a longer time horizon on how we get out and what the escape actually is.
The escape is not for us to just get off of social media or to just start the right nonprofit or to just give the right stream.
These are way too narrow time horizons.
What we need to do is to understand that we need our children to grow up with a sense of ownership and responsibility to the world
to preserve individual sovereignty, to preserve individual responsibility, to preserve the divinity and the sanctity and the sacredness of the individual and their personal relationship with their creator.
and we need to promote this.
Because I do think that a proper humility for the irreducible complexity of biology outside of our window, for our gardens, for our farms, for our animals, for our plants, and for, of course, most importantly, those family and friends that we are blessed with.
Once we have humility for what that is and for what it is,
what it represents.
I don't think we will be fooled by this idea that evolution because DNA and therefore we are insignificant, we are nothing, we have no free will.
We might as well think of ourselves as part of a million year project and so stop being so selfish.
At the same time, these same people are giving you screens and telling you that your kids on screens don't matter and that, you know, cursive writing, who needs that anymore?
So yeah, we're in a very interesting place right now, ladies and gentlemen, I am shocked to come to the to the conclusion myself, that it is actually one of the main ways that they have managed this to to accomplish this is through teaching us a bad form of biology 101.
And so I'm looking for ways to express the hilarity that I think I've discovered, the absolute absurdity that I think I've discovered.
And I'm trying to find ways to bring people who are very, very much all the way in and committed, even lifelong committed to the pursuit of bad biology to see the light.
And I don't think it's that hard simply because for me, it wasn't that hard.
And the reason why it wasn't that hard is because the pandemic provides this once-in-a-lifetime, maybe once-in-many-generations chance for us to see how we are governed, how the mythologies by which we are governed are constructed, and more importantly, how potentially they will be even more malevolently maintained
because of our acquiescence to social media.
This is the last generation that's gonna have an opportunity to maybe opt out or to open source or to decentralize and federalize, however you want it, whatever the right term is, for making whatever the internet is as free as possible.
And then of course, there's always gonna be people that are gonna try and make that freedom something that we feel threatened by.
And so there's always going to be, you know, Oh, anonymous accounts are bad and whatever.
And you know, I think about anonymous accounts.
I know how they were used against us.
And I think if we all become aware of how anonymity on the internet could be weaponized against us, can be, has been, and will be again, then we don't need to worry about whether we're anonymous or not, or whether anybody else is anonymous or not.
And we will put anonymous accounts, anonymous opinions, anonymous information into different categories and treat it differently.
which is how we should do it.
Just because people choose the right words or use the right colloquialisms on the internet as anonymous accounts doesn't mean that we should treat them as suddenly people that must be like soulmates in another country.
But that is the enticing trap of social media.
Instead of surrounding ourselves with live family, live friends, and communicating with live friends and live family, we can become very easily enticed and our social needs can become satiated, at least in the short term, by interaction on social media.
This is very dangerous.
Nobody's saying that, just like nobody's saying intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin, that your pediatrician never explained this to you as being the central reason why you might delay or even abstain from taking a vaccine in the first place.
And think about what a different world that would be if there were doctors around the world that could explain it in that way.
Not that vaccines hurt people and also save lives.
But the reason why that is even remotely possible as a real outcome is because intramuscular injection is stupid.
That's why you can have people being hurt by these things and also some semblance of a useful immune response that has correlated with some decrease in something.
But I assure you, because we've never made the effort to take away, to subtract from the effects of water treatment and better food storage and higher nutrition and better, all these things that we changed in the 40s, the 50s and the 60s to clean things up, to take care of our water better, to clean up our air,
understanding what pesticides were and how they would move through the environment into our food or into our water and better appreciating that danger.
All of those advances
correlate very highly temporally with the onset of the vaccine schedule.
And so there is a very, very strong signal here, but it is a signal that only has temporal correlation and no real biological basis other than that.
And that's the really frightening part.
is that because there has been a purposeful obfuscation of that fact, and the only people that have ever really somewhat adequately explained that in my very limited reading in the last two years is this book.
This is one of the few books that really explicitly says that until you
until you do the math correctly and take away the advances in sewage treatment and water treatment and air pollution and insecticide knowledge and ecosystems and nutrition.
then you're not gonna be able to understand why it is that measles, death from measles was already collapsed and death from polio and polio cases had already collapsed.
You wouldn't be able to understand all of those things unless you understood that there were all kinds of changes happening at the same time that was causing a great drop off in all cause mortality among younger people.
And so this is exactly when this technology was rolled out in mass for some of these things.
And so we need to do this math.
Other people have tried to do this math before the pandemic, but some reason or another, all those people that are doing that math still haven't really gotten to the stage where they could just say it in one sentence.
Like RNA cannot pandemic or intramuscular injection to augment the immune system of a healthy child is dumb.
or transfection is something that we did before the pandemic.
None of these people have been able to say things simply.
They've been able to write lots and lots of books.
It's surprise, surprise, not very many people have read because, you know, not very many people read books.
And it's interesting because these messages don't seem to be very difficult to me anymore.
You know, like the one that Aaron Seery can never say that, you know, we should always make sure that our laws hold the government to strict scrutiny whenever the laws that we have enable the government to suspend fundamental rights.
funny, right?
Like you can just search all all of the recordings and all of the writings of Aaron Siri and I can you'll never find them approach anything remotely close to a message as succinct as that.
And I'm not a lawyer.
You'll never find an MD with a message as succinct as this one.
And I'm not an MD.
And it might be because we don't need MDs for this particular task.
And we don't need them.
What we need are teachers.
What we need is a biology coach, somebody that can tell us the right direction and what exercises to do.
But there's nothing that's going to get our kids out of this trap unless adults actually teach them, actively learn this, and then teach their kids this.
Otherwise they're going to absorb from social media and the mainstream media this general narrative of DNA and evolution.
And genes can be blamed for everything.
And it's happening.
You can see it all around on the news.
You can see it everywhere.
I'll talk about it more on the hardwood, I think.
It's a very happy place that I'm at when I have so much basketball to play after all these years.
I just still can't believe that I'm coaching my middle son and that my oldest is playing high school basketball.
I mean, it's just of all the things that I could have imagined and look forward to,
It's weird how this one came out of nowhere last year and then still really didn't become what it is now until over the summer.
And it's just, I'm so very, very happy that this is all working out too.
I'm really excited about it.
I've got lots of ideas on how this can go forward.
And so I'm just gonna keep plugging this.
And when we get, it'll probably be in February by the time I get enough episodes to where I think we can start editing them for YouTube.
And then that's really where it'll get very exciting.
We can do other things on YouTube as well that I think we've been keeping in the hopper for a while.
I don't know, it just all feels like it might be the right time now for all of this and it wouldn't have been ready
in the summer or even in the spring when when the basic idea was there, but all the the content and the message wouldn't have been as finely tuned as it is now.
So it's very exciting to be to be at this stage, I think, and everybody should, I hope, find some some real positive direction, outlook and hope.
Again, I'm going to repeat myself, but I hope that everybody finds hope in this.
It's, it's been, it's been much worse in 2022.
And in 2023, I thought we were really in big trouble.
Even when, when I started working for Bobby at some point, it stopped feeling like we were going to get anywhere.
If only because it felt like I just joined the losing team because CHD has already been losing for three or four years.
Everybody's been ignoring them for three or four years.
So if I join their team, will they listen to me?
Well, not if they, I guess not.
That's what it felt like.
And certainly at the end of the writing of the book, when I tried to get some of these ideas down into the book and they wouldn't get in there because it's not the right book for this or whatever.
It's crazy.
We're about to go into 2025.
So yesterday, I really wanted to go way back Wednesday.
And I hope that
I'm starting to make the point now that there's a lot of work to be done.
I don't want to do all this work.
I want other people to figure out that we can do this work.
Come see us doing live.
We're circling in this hamster wheel where Jimmy Dore and Whitney Webb keep bringing up the same stuff over and over again.
Michael Callahan in Wuhan, Epstein, Bill Barr, Promise, la, la, la, la, la, la.
There's certain things that they're just allowed to say.
They say those things and nothing else.
And I don't want to become a super sleuth here.
I want to focus more on the moving forward and on the biology curriculum and this kind of thing.
But I can't drop this.
I can't drop it because I do feel as though there is a window of opportunity here to see this before there is going to be enough distraction from enough other things.
I don't know what those other things are going to be.
I don't think it's drones.
But whatever it is...
We need to be very, very aware of the fact that they want us to move on.
They want us to forget about this.
They want us to sort of even everything out, spread things out.
I don't know what the right word combination is to describe what they want us to do, but they want to kind of clean this history up.
And in the end, both sides will clean this history up and it's most likely not a lab leak.
It most likely is a lab leak.
That'll be the end.
That'll be the end cleanup.
And the old vaccines weren't nearly as good, but neither are drugs.
Drugs don't work for everybody.
Vaccines don't work for everybody.
So even the mRNA couldn't have really worked for everybody.
That's where everybody's kind of going.
Isn't that also where the alternative medicine goes that everybody should be able to get whatever their doctor recommends.
And if their doctor recommends something for them and not for other, I mean, it's all kind of part of the same argument where, you know, safe and effective.
What does that really mean?
And in the meantime, these guys are talking about event two zero one again.
and trying to make us correct her about how it's called or who was there or what was done.
and then we're right back into it again, where they released it, or it was their plan, or they meant to do this all along.
But no one seems to see that if they planned to do it all along, and it was going to be something that needed to be safe for everybody who was in on it, the easiest way to do it would be to characterize a background signal.
Oh, I don't know, you know, put some biosensors in place and then just let them run.
and record all the bacteriophage background in the air in a city over a year or two years or 10, and see if there are any patterns.
And goodness sakes, if you find any patterns, then just announce it when you're ready.
Nobody's ever gonna get there.
It's crazy, right?
They're they're super sleuths.
They're thinking about everything.
They consider all these people liars.
They lie all the time.
It's got to be Palantir or Teal or or Epstein or the people that went to Epstein Island are still lying about the fact that they went to Epstein Island and ate babies with Tom Hanks.
Shout out to Housatonic Live there.
But in reality, what are we talking about?
We're talking about the same narrative, the narrative of the biolab leak coverup, biolab leak coverup, bad guys cover up the lab leak.
America funded the lab leak.
America funds Israel.
Israel's bad.
And I'm not saying Israel's not bad.
I'm saying that you got to be very careful about how these narratives are very easy to accept, easy to understand, simple explanations for
When in reality, there's a lot of nuance here.
And there are traps inside of traps and all of these very short through the corner conclusions we need to be very careful of.
And short-through-the-corner conclusions are exactly where Jimmy Dore is with the COVID shots are bad, don't talk about 2020.
We don't want ourselves to be allowed to be put there.
I reminded you already that this Scooby-Doo mystery was declared solved in July of 2023.
We are at the end of 2024.
Don't let social media fool you into thinking that this much time hasn't passed.
We are about to cross into the sixth year.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
The sixth year.
I have.
And already a year and a half ago, the Department of Energy and Vivek Swamy and other people declared it.
Then we go yesterday, we looked at this video with these dudes in it.
And one of them was Erso, right?
And he is a drug development
tissue culture, repurpose drugs for Delta was one of his slides.
He actually had a slide that he said, with this list of drugs, I can cure anything.
I can cure every disease.
That's a pretty bold statement from a guy who has years of tissue culture experience and working on a few drugs.
It's a weird statement to make.
in America with the most expensive, least effective health care on the planet with so many people suffering from so many chronic diseases.
But he says that with this list, I could cure almost any disease, every disease.
I can't remember what the words he used.
I think every disease.
And of course, his lecture reinforced the disease course, the different stages, the many multi-organ inflammatory system type stuff, the virus, the late stage and early stage effectiveness of remdesivir, all discussed precisely by Dr. Urso.
Then we went to Ryan Cole.
I think that's also, you can see that here, look.
just to make sure you know what I'm talking about.
Here's Urso and then Cole.
I think this is Cole.
Yeah, this is Cole.
So Cole was actually doing a declaration, right?
And it was a super long whereas, whereas, whereas declaration.
And then at the end, he was talking about T cell immunity and how he needed T cell responses.
Don't forget that he also started out with saying that he has a small interest in a lateral flow test or something that an antigen test, a small interest.
What does that mean?
That he made a million dollars from an antigen test?
What does it mean if Kevin McKernan and Philip Buckhalter have a couple tests?
What does it mean if Robert Malone was a consultant for a couple of tests?
And so that one of the primary reasons why these people had to be out there was to make sure that no one doubted that there was something spreading that might actually have, let's say, laboratory-induced or laboratory-introduced properties.
Because that's what's implied by all of these guys in 2021 in October when they go on stage and talk about how the virus and the spike
is the toxin and so the toxic properties of the late versus early stages of the disease are due to the spike protein just like this toxic effects of the of the transfection are to be blamed on the toxic spike.
That's why there's so many parallels.
Stop lying!
That's the problem we have here, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the problem I think that I'm trying to emphasize we need to understand as we
as we embark on this new sort of theater that's coming in January and whether or not these people get confirmed or not.
I can almost guarantee you they won't get confirmed because that is exactly the same reason why they've stuck to seed oils and processed foods and this kind of crap instead of going right for the throat
and saying that the CDC is bad, the PrEP Act is bad, and the vaccine schedule is free of liability and therefore obviously bad.
They could have started there, and if they go there between now and January, it will only be because we made them go there, because they were not going there, that Cali Means and his sister were not going there, and they're still not going there.
And there's lots of people on the internet now who are rising like stars, rising like, like meteors because why?
Because they are into nutrition and doctors know nothing about nutrition.
And you know what else is interesting about nutrition?
Nutrition is kind of personal.
Do you hear it?
So this whole argument that the FDA doesn't do something, you see, they can start to undermine the FDA's argument right now, because I argued yesterday, and I think it's very important to argue it again, that the idea of the FDA, of having a government agency or bureaucracy that regulates the safety and effectiveness of products, especially with regard to what they put on their label, what they say it can do, is not a bad idea.
But what these people are arguing is that somehow or another, the twisted manifestation of that in the American system is a reason to get rid of it altogether.
And a side excuse for that is that these things never worked that well anyway, that there is no safe and effective for everyone.
That's going to be their answer.
And so they're going to kind of defend the FDA in a way, because what they'll say is, well, you know what, the FDA had a mandate that was actually ridiculous anyway, now that we know so much more about ourselves.
And we know so much more about the genome and about biology, and about evolution, because DNA, now we can tell you that, generally speaking, a vaccine was never going to be safe for everyone.
And James Lyons Weiler was right, we need to know your genome.
And really, nutrition is not the same for everyone, because everybody's got a different complement of genes and a different complement of bacteria.
And so it is this, you know, complex interaction that we can only understand by sequencing you all.
And then we can make a personalized medicine and personalized recommendations for nutrition.
And these recommendations will come from an AI program, they could never come from a human, because the complexities that are involved in making these decisions are beyond that of the training of a typical general practitioner.
and not nearly as efficient as what an AI can do across all of these numbers.
You see, that's what all of us, the NIH program, is about.
Just give us your information freely so that we can use it to provide you with a personalized understanding of why your health sucks.
and some nutritional recommendations to get around it, not just generally speaking, clean water and unprocessed healthy food with some exercise every day.
But we're going to need a computer to tell you more details about that.
And so here they are using a very bad
iteration of what could otherwise be a very good analogy for why PCR is very difficult to execute properly as a diagnostic, and why we should be skeptical that it has been, but instead they presented it as a very well executed diagnostic.
You just need to understand the nuts and bolts of so you can make sure you don't get taken by it.
Stop lying!
And so let's watch the second half of that, shall we?
at UC Davis School of Medicine and did fellowship research and post-doc studies in Global Clinical Scholars Program honors at Harvard.
Dr. Malone has become known as one of the inventors of mRNA and DNA strategies and a worldwide expert on mRNA and DNA technologies and its relevance in biodefense and outbreaks.
And now, Dr. Malone.
I think it'll get louder.
I would like to use the spacebar, okay.
Hi I'm Robert Malone I'm a physician scientist and I am also clearly labeled as a disinformation specialist because I don't know anything about vaccines and by defense.
This is I don't know number five or six outbreak for me.
I'm kind of an outbreak junkie.
I work closely with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
I am a vaccinologist.
So this is my moment.
seeking absolution You know, this is this is This is an AAPS meeting by the way American Association of Physicians and Surgeons It's actually kind of a conservative medical group I think and it is very very interesting that he starts this way and how he will continue here It's not an emergency.
This is kind of fun.
I
It's not a serious thing here.
This is just, you know, this is cool.
I'm happy.
I've been here lots of times.
I mean, come on, this is my fifth.
You know, I've given talks like this lots of times.
This is not different than what I've done before.
Or do you see it otherwise?
Because I don't.
He's very comfortable with what he's about to do.
This isn't like all the other times.
Or is it?
Seems like it is.
It shouldn't be like all the other times.
That's my point.
It shouldn't be like all the other talks he's given.
This should feel like an urgently different thing because he is at the American Association of Physicians and Surgeons and about to tell them that America is in big trouble, right?
I mean.
My disclosure, so
And I was very involved in bringing forth the, just one example, the Ebola vaccine during the West Africa outbreak.
I was actually the guy that got Mark involved in that on behalf of Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
So this is the obligatory what are your bona fides slide.
I think we already had enough of that.
I'd like to, and I very much appreciate that you already read the declaration, so I don't have to do it.
I'm kind of coming hot off of a little bit of an international tour.
Hot off a little bit of an international tour that included Italy when he went there with Stephen Hatfill, and according to Stephen Hatfill on the Tommy podcast, Robert Malone didn't have a vaccine card.
But this is after he was on the Brett Weinstein podcast in June of 2021, saying that he already had two shots of Moderna because he had to travel.
And also because he heard on the internet that it might work for long COVID.
Just keeping track of everything here, making sure you're keeping track of everything.
which included the International COVID Summit in Rome.
What did he say?
COVID?
The International COVID Summit in Rome?
Again, I cannot urge you enough to understand that the only person that that connects you to is him.
No one else was saying COVID except for people that have worked with Robert Malone.
And I think that's the reason why you can rest assured that James Lyons Weiler, the guy that CHD promotes, is also one of these people, which may also connect them directly to Merrill Nass and explain why all of these people have been in previous meetings and phone calls and hearings all the way back to 2011 with the anthrax vaccines.
because there's always been a stunt going on here.
And it may very well be that the stunt that they wanted to pull off was being rehearsed, was being tested, and people were being put in place to get ready for this.
Remember, my argument is, is that on the population pyramid data, they could see the all-cause mortality increase coming, which could also be translated in a different set of words to say they could see the bankruptcy of their national systems coming.
And so they knew they had to have a way to manage these old people.
Even if that meant just letting them die of natural causes more easily than they normally did, then we could have prevented more deaths than we did.
Even that already would need to have some justification in the system, some explanation in the system, some cover.
Never mind the fact that there has been a plan for a long, long time since the completion of the Human Genome Project to finally find a way somehow to convince people that, you know, the only way we're going to solve this puzzle while we still have the opportunity, what's the opportunity?
The 10 billion people on the planet is the opportunity that aren't going to be there forever.
that they would like to, and probably will mathematically with almost certainty go down to 5 or 2 billion people.
And at that stage, there will never again, ever again be the opportunity to collect 10 billion genomes over the course of say 100 years.
But over the next 100 years, or the next 50 years, or even the next 30 years, there might be the opportunity to collect a few billion genomes.
easily and mass and have them classified well, and with a lot of basic medical data and put it on a storage drive somewhere, put it on a database somewhere.
And once that database is uniform and accessible, and somewhat compatible, and the measurements have all kind of been made the same with the same equipment over the same time periods, whatever, you have a data set, a data set that Craig Ventner could never have dreamed of, that Mark Lander would have never dreamed of.
The only way you can get it is if this sovereign individual is gone.
The only way you can get it is if you get people to believe that there is this gain of function danger out there.
And that there is a, you know, there's just a continuum from free range RNA molecules all the way up to the finest examples of pattern integrities.
It's just one big, big mess of life.
And that nowhere in between there are there any lies told by NIH or CDC or Gavi or the WHO about the details of that biology.
Nothing.
No, nothing at all.
It's just PCR tests work.
That's the way it is.
And that's basically what these people are telling you.
PCR tests, lateral flow tests, these things work.
Don't mind that I have interest in these tests.
which we know are wrong.
You heard Ryan Cole say he has an interest in those tests.
You've heard all these people actually say it, if you were careful and listening.
And that's the real frightening part of it.
The moneymaking may already be over.
The money may have dried up.
That may be why everybody's acting a little squirrely now.
In 2020, 21, and 22, the testing, the track and trace, just the distribution of free tests, this all contributed to there being money sloshing around in the background that could be used to influence people, to sustain people, to keep hamster wheels running.
And those money sources may be drying up right now.
And if that's the case, these people all may be panicking, trying to get on each other's boats, trying to find a seat at the table.
And that table may be folded up very soon.
And the thing that may be left, I believe, and I hope, are people with integrity that have always had integrity that never sat at those tables in the first place.
Like Mark Kulak, like myself, like Joe Marshall, like Scott Shara.
Let's listen to Robert Malone basically admit that he's a part of this.
This brought together physicians and scientists from all over the world, both in person and virtually.
Just to give you a little taste of that, it's available online for streaming and Dr. Cole has already identified the site where a lot of the clips are being rolled out as well as the declaration, that being globalcovidsummit.org.
please visit.
I hope all of you consider signing the declaration.
It's part of a very targeted strategy.
So my talk is not going to be so science rich, it's going to be a little bit more public policy rich.
I defer to Dr. Cole and Dr. Urso, who've done a fantastic job.
This is a... So he's a vaccinologist and this is not his first rodeo.
This is his like fifth outbreak, but it's not going to be very science.
It's going to be public policy.
In 2021, in October,
The focus of that international summit in Rome, Italy, was restricted to drug therapies and protocols.
Vaccines, vaccine effectiveness, and vaccine side effects were not discussed.
In 2021, in September,
In September of 2021, there was an international COVID summit in Rome, Italy, attended by many of these people.
I would bet dollars to donuts, Merrill Nass, Robert Malone, Corey, McCullough, Rose, Hatfield, any number of those people were there.
Um,
Any of the people in the hot tub picture, they could have been there.
Any of the people that have their, their shoes in those pictures, they could have been there.
It's, it's all the same crew.
And now the extraordinary part is that's fabulous.
Thank you.
Are you giving me two cups?
Holy cow.
It's not too hot.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So it's a,
It's a weird thing, right, to see this in retrospect.
Don't you think, is this not enlightening for anyone?
Is this not like, whoa, dude, I can't believe it.
Wait, what?
In September of 2021, they had a COVID summit in Rome, Italy, where these same people, the International COVID Summit, the fourth one happened, or the fifth one happened in Romania, the sixth one happened in Japan this year.
Like, this is an ongoing, rolling,
traveling circus here.
And in the iteration that happened in September of 2021, vaccines, vaccine effectiveness, vaccine side effects were not discussed.
I guess that means they didn't talk about transformation and transfection then, right?
I guess not.
The brief summary slide of what went on during that three-day meeting in which we met on day one as a group and discussed treatment protocols.
On day two, we actually gave testimony in the Senate in Rome.
It's on the bucket list.
If you ever get a chance to do that, worth doing.
And then day three was a large public session.
He sounds like he's having an awful lot of fun with these international COVID summits, speaking out, losing his career, risking his life, whatever he thinks he's doing.
Sounds like a lot of fun.
two and three, just to give you a sense of things.
Those were both streamed live and through a distributed network all across the world.
We had over 100 million connections on both days.
So a lot of interest.
100 million connections on both days.
Wow, you actually said that already in the chat.
That's pretty impressive.
Did you already watch this video?
Are you doing your homework?
Shame on you.
Man, I just, I can't stand it when viewers do their homework.
I'm sorry, is my friend Mark Hulak in the chat there?
Did you just hear what he just said?
Did he just say that he met with some colonel in the Vatican?
I swear he just said that.
I'm not even, this...
Okay, I'm sorry if I'm freaking out about that a little bit, but I find that.
And I don't have to read the physician's connections on both days.
So a lot of interest in Brazil, Latin America, Africa, all over the place.
While I was there, I also met with Cardinal Turkson in the Vatican to discuss the strategy that I'll mention in a moment.
Let's see.
And I don't have to read the physician's declaration because it's already been read and so thank you for that but I hope that you will consider joining us.
Just to say something about that, this new globalcovidsummit.org site is part of a very conscious strategy
As you know, we're up against an amazingly integrated, well-financed juggernaut of, I'm sorry, it's disinformation.
And it truly is disinformation that we're up against.
It is carefully coordinated.
It's propaganda.
It's backed by swarms of fact checkers that have no training in biology.
Many of them don't even have a bachelor's degree.
They're not trained in journalism.
And they're hired by organizations that have been set up that are funded by Zuckerberg, Chan, Facebook, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation is one of the major shareholders of J&J, if not the largest shareholder, good to know.
Follow the money, okay?
And these organizations, if you scroll through, many of them specifically say, hey, if you want a hit job on somebody, this is... Cardinal Turkson.
I thought he said Colonel Turkson.
That's pretty funny.
Nice one.
Thank you.
I'm paraphrasing.
Call us up, you know, fund us.
That's what they do, okay?
This is not about checking facts.
This is about reinforcing the dominant narrative.
I can tell you from personal experience, and the thing that has amazed me in traveling through Europe over the last month, is it's not just the docks here.
that are getting hit with this same script.
It's all over the world.
They're even using the same words.
I'm now part of the Dirty Dozen in Rome, in the Roman press.
The Dirty Dozen in 2021?
I'm not even sure they had the Dirty Dozen in America already, but that's an interesting thing to say, that he's part of the Dirty Dozen in the Italian press.
Wow, what a claim.
And that's all censorship.
I'm so censored.
It's so weird, isn't it, when you hear it now?
He's describing exactly what he's doing out loud, right to these people.
And that's what makes it so hard for them to see that he's doing it.
Because he even says it on the stage when he was on stage, on the same stage in the first month of 2023 with Meryl Nass.
and Mike Palmer and Sasha Latipova and Asim Malhotra.
He says that, you know, this fifth generation warfare is so sophisticated that you'll never figure it out.
You can try, but you'll never figure it out.
He actually told the Swedish audience that they would never figure it out.
which is noted for its corruption.
Now, they identified me as part of the Dirty Dozen, a term that was used by our POTUS, you may recall, and applied to Dr. McColl and others, including Mr. Kennedy.
Dr. McColl, is that what he said?
That might have been a slip.
As Dirty Dozen number two.
In the Italian press, they use the words, but they only identified 10 of us, fascinating.
And I was also identified as a terrorist, I'm now a terrorist, because I advocated for early treatment to save patients.
All of us that were participating in the conference were labeled as a bunch of crazies.
And here in the American press, they're doing a push, I don't know if you saw, I think it was Medpage, that basically they're trying to say we're all a bunch of proud boys, right-wing crazies.
This is how propaganda works, okay?
And now I deal with the intelligence community quite a bit.
That's,
We are.
How propaganda works is that they publish bad guys in the press so that everybody sees them and then they solve the mystery and those are the mysteries that get solved.
It's exactly the reason why when Robert Malone says that there are bad guys on the internet, he doesn't say Mark Kulak and Jonathan Cui.
He says Sasha Latupova and George Webb, and then gives you handy links to their substacks and to their CBS 60 Minutes appearances.
And when he tries to provoke us, he actually shares the videos from the people that are working with him, the anonymous accounts that he is helping to coordinate the content of.
And these hamster wheels can really feel like progress.
You can run really fast for a while in them.
For four or five years, if you run with the right people.
manipulated.
Our patients are being manipulated.
There's no ifs, ands, or buts.
So patients are not being murdered.
Patients are being manipulated.
Careful choices of words.
Because if it was murder in 2021, boy, would we be in a different place now, wouldn't we?
If this guy who claims to be blowing the whistle on his previous career were to say that the deep state, the globalists that are interested in the trillions of dollars available to the spigots of public health, those people are willing to murder people and lie about it.
If he could use language like that in 2021, we might've saved a lot of college kids.
Well, maybe not.
It might've still been too late to save college kids.
Too bad.
And it's unprecedented, the scale and the coordination that's happening globally.
I've never seen anything like this.
I've been through so many pandemics, never seen anything like the information control that we're seeing now.
Carrying on, see if I can make the computer work.
I'm not a millennial, so forgive me.
I just have raised some.
Yes, so in terms of my bona fides, yes, in fact, I did make these discoveries between 1987 and 19.
It's interesting that he includes in his bona fides this picture right here, which I guess means something about the tumtotal of who he is and what he has become.
I guess he's in this photo.
I guess he's that guy in that photo.
I guess he's this guy in that photo.
And I guess he's this guy in that photo.
Boy, he was a, he's a bushy guy back then, that's nice.
My dad was also like that.
1889, and there was a series of patents issued.
I am an inventor on those patents.
The fact checkers all, they've gone, it's fascinating, over the last couple of months, oh my good heavens, look who has arrived.
I'm in awe.
I really am.
What an amazing job he has done.
I think a round of applause for Peter.
The man is a monster.
He's a powerhouse of information.
He knows the literature up one side and down the other.
I'm worn out just watching him.
You know who he's talking about?
Peter McCullough.
I want you to think about this very carefully because that, what I see and hear right there is an ego attack.
That is how an intelligence agent posing as an ally would flatter you in front of other people.
Incidentally, I can tell you a few stories about when people did that to me.
I can think of one in particular where I realized that Mark Kulak was going to be an hour from my house in some place
near Wimber, Pennsylvania, and he was going to meet George Webb and all these people there.
And I thought, what the hell?
Why wouldn't I drive there and meet all these people too?
And
Not only were there a few people there that were incredibly uncomfortable with meeting me, but one of those people included George Webb.
And when he introduced me to all the people at the table, he made this really weird, you know, ladies and gentlemen, I want to, can I have your attention, please?
I want to introduce you to the magnificent, super smart, you know, whatever the great Jonathan Cooey, can we give him a round of applause or something like that?
Seems so dumb.
It seems so ridiculous until you look at the beginning of this stream and listen to Bobby, what he said about me when he introduced me at the, at the, on his defender podcast, what he said about me and my latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society and democracy and to democracy and free speech and yada, yada, yada.
And first he's going to do that, and then this illustrious, gifted, beautiful panel of super smart people will comment on it.
This is the same nonsense as this right here, where you're supposed to be spellbound.
You're supposed to feel so good.
that you don't notice that these people are influencing you into thinking that what your ideas you're currently stuck on, the things you're currently saying are so awesome, they're so great, don't stop saying them.
And I've had this feeling for a long time about Peter McCullough.
He's been on my stream.
I've talked to him a lot in private.
I have a lot of supporters who try to talk to him on my behalf in private.
And I've always had the feeling when he was on my stream that he just didn't say things that he knew he couldn't say.
If anybody feels like they are under duress, got way in over their head, had no idea what they were signing up for, it is Peter McCullough.
And oh my goodness, I pray every day that Peter McCullough will have the courage to say that these people fooled him, tricked him, manipulated him, threatened him.
I don't know what they did.
but they also fooled him.
Listen to it.
This is in September of 2021.
Do you hear Robert Malone saying this about Peter McCullough anymore?
Does he ever go on Tommy's podcast and say, Tommy, you should really, you know, I defer to people like Erso and Cole and I mean, McCullough, he knows the literature.
That guy is the man.
Why wasn't Peter McCullough in front of the Senate?
Why did, why did Robert Malone choose Jessica Rose instead of Peter McCullough?
You see what's happening here.
You can start to see the cracks in this facade.
If you, if you start paying attention and if you keep looking back, you got to turn the hamster wheel against them.
You got to run the other way.
See,
We've got a plan here.
So what an honor.
But yeah, so the fact checkers have decided that I'm not an inventor of RNA vaccine.
Amazing job he has done.
I think a round of applause for the fact checkers.
It's fascinating, over the last couple of months, oh my good heavens, look who has arrived.
I'm in awe.
I really am.
What an amazing job he has done.
I think a round of applause for Peter.
The man is a monster.
He's a powerhouse of information.
He knows the literature up one side and down the other.
I'm worn out just watching him.
Wow.
So I got a take on this one, and it's a hot take because I'm just having it right now.
But he spoke out about hydroxychloroquine.
Zev Zelenko spoke out about hydroxychloroquine.
Maybe hydroxychloroquine is good for something.
Maybe hydroxychloroquine won't hurt anybody.
This guy didn't really speak out about that on Joe Rogan.
Peter McCullough also spoke about how the idea that hydroxychloroquine enlarged people's hearts or was dangerous or was causing heart attacks was absurd.
The confusion with chloroquine or whatever is used to clean aquariums was ridiculous.
And so Peter McCullough may have been one of these people who rushed out and knew what needed to be said, said what needed to be said, didn't understand that there was no novel virus.
And I don't blame him for not understanding that, but spoke out about what was right very early and needed control.
He needed direction.
needed somebody that could potentially step in front of him that he would defer to.
You see, that's the trick here.
Who would Peter McCullough defer to?
Given his seniority in the position that he had, his authority, his respect from his staff and everybody that worked with him, who would he defer to?
Somebody who deferred to him.
And as long as possible, this guy controlled Peter McCullough.
That's what I see.
That's what I think here.
Peter McCullough was the first one to come out and just say, quite frankly, if I was to do it all over again, I don't think I would vaccinate my children against anything.
None of these other people have ever had the courage to say that.
Peter McCullough came out years ago and said that already, at least two years ago.
It was the first time he dared say it.
I'm not saying he said it on Fox News.
But he said it on a camera, and it was recorded.
And Pierre Cory, the only time he will say it is when he's promoting this anonymous Midwestern doctor substack, and only in 2024.
Again, I cannot emphasize enough how none of these people, none of these people, none of these people, even when they were speaking in front of the American Association of Physicians and Surgeons, never saved any college kids, never even tried to save any college kids.
He just had a slide on the screen that said that they were just in Italy and they didn't discuss anything about the vaccines, which means certainly they didn't correct the error and define them as transformations and transfections like they should have been from the beginning.
Harden the paint, ladies and gentlemen.
Harden the paint.
That's all I know how to do.
Full court press, harden the paint.
Defense wins ball games.
You need to rebound, and you need to rebound, and you need to box out, and you need to rebound.
I'm getting the rebounds here, ladies and gentlemen.
They're everywhere.
So what an honor.
But yeah, so the fact checkers have decided that I'm not an inventor of RNA vaccines, even though I'm on nine different patents and I have all the patent disclosures and all the original data.
So that's, rather than belabor this point, just this is the team from the Salk Institute back in the day.
That's Inder Verma there.
Just to let you know, that's Mark Kindy who signed off on the invention disclosure.
in 1988.
I just wanted to, I see a thing in the chat there.
Why was McCullough preaching early treatment for something imaginary?
Now, I just want to make the argument that we have to leave, we have to leave space for people like me.
Peter McCullough was influenced by people like me, who in 2020
as a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine was absolutely convinced that they were covering up a lab leak.
I mean, I was convinced to my toenails and that I needed to tell people about this.
And that meant, you know, this is a pretty serious thing.
You need to consider what's going on here.
You need to be very careful.
Think carefully.
before there was any talk of transfection, before there was any, you know, talk about how long these lockdowns might be or that they might lock down the next school year or whatever, I was thinking lab leak.
And so there's no reason on earth why, with the help of James Lyons Wyler and, and, and Dan Sirotkin and his dad, and a few other bloggers that were going bananas, that there wouldn't be this general
place on the internet for people to understand that the worst case scenario is really bad.
Like, maybe you don't want to get this yet, because the one that comes out of the laboratory might be really nasty.
Maybe you should wait for a while.
They scared people into thinking that you might want to wait a while.
And I helped.
I believed it with all my heart and soul.
I thought I was solving the problem in direct messaging on Twitter.
I thought Drastic was a motley crew of heroes from all over the world that had all come to the conclusion that we needed to work together to solve this mystery.
I was hook, line, and sinker in.
And so Peter McCullough could have been hook, line, and sinker in too, and still here.
Hook, line, and sinker in.
And now they're setting the hook even deeper with this flattery and this, wow, you're so smart and I'm such an honor.
How many times have I heard that?
Such an honor to meet you.
Oh my gosh, I've learned so much from you.
If I made a list of the people that have said that to my face, but then gone on never to tweet, never to promote, never to do a sub stack, never to take my ideas and just say, you know, these are great.
Nothing.
The list is long.
It's an operation, ladies and gentlemen, and they're witting and unwitting participants, but in the end.
The people that we are left with in 2024 going into 2025 are winning participants.
They know they are part of an operation.
They don't know, have to know how bad it is because a lot of times these operations operate like that.
Don't ask any questions.
Just accept the money and fame.
It's pretty easy life, right?
Then shut up.
January.
This is me laying out the whole technology profile at Vykal.
This is the team that I work with.
Yuri was just on a podcast with a guy that Brett had a fake argument with last year.
So a podcaster who was trying to launch a podcast and trying to be kind of controversially contradictory or critical of the way Brett Weinstein talks about things
And Bret Weinstein actually took this guy's criticism seriously enough to stage a debate with him on the Dark Horse podcast.
And now that guy's podcast just had Yuri on.
Nevermind that Yuri was on Bret Weinstein's podcast in 2020 before I knew who Bret Weinstein was, before Piper Stover ever connected me to Bret Weinstein.
the drastic guy was already on Bret Weinstein's podcast.
Now the drastic guy is on a podcast that had a fake fight with Bret Weinstein about a year ago.
It is a hamster wheel.
That's why the same bullshit comes up again.
That's why when you grab onto the bars and you pull down and spin, eventually you come back to the same bar.
covered in the same crap but, you know, slightly different because it went around once.
This is my team at UC Davis that carried on and was responsible for the fundamental patents on mucosal polynucleotide vaccination to elicit IGA.
Yay.
What a concept.
And so if you were listening and you understood what he was talking about, this was the debate about whether mucosal immunity was important for a respiratory disease.
Again, it's another detail, another hamster wheel detail that we ran around in for a few months, that I did lots of streams about trying to teach the difference and why IGA antibodies might be more important.
Now I'm not saying that this biology isn't interesting or isn't real.
But when you argue about whether or not mucosal immunity or humoral immunity is important for COVID-19, you have solved their mystery and accepted their monsters.
So getting into the politics a little bit more.
In public policy, this is a series of positions that I've worked up with Peter Navarro.
You may recall Peter was in the Bush, oh, sorry, excuse me, Trump administration.
Vaccines for elders, morbidly obese, and other high risk individuals.
That sounds like people who would be a pain in the ass for Medicare and Medicaid.
Doesn't it?
Yikes.
convenient, right, that this guy with all of his, you know, experience and all these doctors with all their experience, they have no idea that there was a increase in all cause mortality that was going to double or triple the amount of old people that would be dying every year at a certain point.
And if we weren't careful, it could bankrupt many, many Western countries.
So interesting.
So, so interesting that they all are unaware of that.
Right.
And
And I've had the pleasure of interacting with him.
We put out two op-eds, the first one in the Washington Times.
Peter Navarro, of course, being one of the guys that was supposedly in the meeting with Jared Kushner and Rick Bright and Janet Woodcock, where they decided what they were going to do with Remdesivir and with hydroxychloroquine and all these other things.
how they were going to use EUAs for them to make it hard for people to use these drugs and how that was a really big deal because they were trying to prevent people from using early treatments.
It was of course fact-checked by Facebook and so the Washington Times got quite upset about that.
I spent a day writing the retort and documenting all the things and they sent it in to the fact-checkers and Facebook and Facebook basically said we don't care what you say.
We don't care what facts you document.
You're still on the blacklist.
So that's how it works with these guys.
This is not about facts.
This is about the narrative.
They don't care.
You can document that they've got it wrong.
They won't.
So this, you know, minding his own business, horse breeder, emu breeder, farmer, wannabe homesteader,
working hard with his hands in the dirt every day, out in the rain.
This guy, despite that very lowly existence, has decided to try to save the world.
And first he tried to do it on Facebook, but they censored him.
And so it only got on all those websites.
Um, and then, uh, yeah, he decided to start running international COVID summits and who knows where all the money comes from, but it's good.
It's cool.
We don't need to promote, we don't need to tell you where all this money comes from or who's paying for us because we have some lateral flow tests and that kind of stuff.
It's, it's cool.
It's cool.
There's a pandemic, right?
I mean, everybody's got to get some.
Changed the story.
I had the same experience with Atlantic Monthly.
So our recommendations for policy are based on a four-pronged approach.
Vaccines for the elderly, morbidly obese, and other high-risk individuals.
Now, which vaccine?
That's a good question.
And which are the ones that are most safe?
And are these the best right now?
And I think that is an interesting question that I don't have time to go into.
An interesting question that he doesn't have time to go into in September of 2021, where there might be a pretty significant portion of Americans college kids that aren't yet vaccinated because they haven't been coerced.
But it was coming.
I guess this is October.
They're being coerced right then, right then.
Ladies and gentlemen, please see it for what it is.
This guy was not trying to warn us about anything.
Okay?
Listen carefully to what he just said.
I think that we need to monitor the safety data and may need to adjust.
So, our recommendations for policy are based on a four-pronged approach.
Vaccines for the elderly, morbidly obese, and other high-risk individuals.
Now, which vaccine?
That's a good question.
And which are the ones that are most safe?
And are these the best right now?
And I think that is an interesting question that I don't have time to go into.
Now, at this time in October of 2021, I actually amended the review that I put out in May of 2021.
And in that amendment, I stated that a lot of it was kind of, you know, wrong that we just need to stop because these are going to cause autoimmunity and the whole idea of transfection is dumb.
Still wrong, but much better than it was in May when I was still fully on board with Geert van den Bosch's idea and Luigi Warren's idea that, you know, the Marek's disease and chickens is going to be just like COVID.
COVID is going to get worse and worse because it's a leaky vaccine, just like Marek's disease and chickens.
That's where I was at that stage before this part of 2021, when actually in 2021 in October was when my contract officially ended.
This is October of 2021 is when I really went started on fumes and I have been running on fumes ever since.
Before October of 2021, I still had a contract with Pitt, even though they weren't letting me come in, they paid out the contract.
So essentially they could say I wasn't fired and I wouldn't get
unemployment.
And so that's, that was one good time there in 2021.
But it got scary in October, because that's when we went full on and just tried to do it on our own.
But then again, remember, in January of 2022,
Rixey would come to my house.
And then in April of 2022, Senator Ron Johnson would call me and say that Robert Malone recommended my stream and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would call me and say that that Robert Malone recommended my stream and actually also hire me.
So there was only going to be a few months here where we would be struggling and pretty unsure of ourselves.
And then in 2022, I would already think that, oh, my gosh, we're about to win.
And now we're at the end of 2024 and we're running on fumes again.
So it's a very interesting little place that really a little weird, strange trip it's been.
I think that we need to monitor the safety data and may need to adjust that logic as new data arrives.
Early interventions with supplements, we've heard great examples of those supplements.
ready access.
Great examples of those supplements.
The doctor before the doctor that came up named Ryan Cole was named Erso and he put a list of supplements and list of drugs that he said with this list you can pretty much treat every disease.
to self-diagnostics, knowing that they will be high false positive rates, and you can do secondary tests, as we did with AIDS, as we do with everything.
Oh, so it's just like AIDS and everything else.
Some tests are kind of shitty, and other tests are better.
This sounds a lot like Crair Craig.
If you pay enough money, you can get the specificity you need.
But none of these things are perfect.
You know, it's like thinking you're going to get the perfect meal at a fast food restaurant, despite the fact that it's cheap and fast.
That's ridiculous.
He's not questioning the narrative in front of an audience of people that has what we would hope would be the technical level of expertise and understanding of basic biology to be told what the narrative is.
You need to see this for what it is.
This is a direct admission that we were never being saved by this guy.
This isn't even the same message that he gave months before this on the Brett Weinstein podcast.
He's not even gonna talk about the vaccines here.
Ryan Cole wants autopsies from COVID and from the vaccines.
Where's the billions of dollars invested in the COVID autopsies?
What are we doing, he says?
How can we understand something if we don't look for it?
Delta is real is something that COVID, that Dr. Ryan Cole said then.
Set the initial screening tests for high pulse positives and then do confirmatory tests that are more specific, duh.
You know, I was trained in pathology a little bit, but not as.
Duh, he says duh.
as well as some.
Apps and other tools for self-assessment of true risk of severe disease and death.
What has amazed me is how effective the press and the HHS monster has been in promoting the idea of fear.
How much fear?
I mean the recent survey that something like a large fraction of the population believes that their probability if they get... Do you hear it now?
He's telling you there's fear.
He's telling you people are afraid.
He's telling you people are promoting the fear, but it's not him.
Nothing that he or any of these other people are saying is fearful.
It doesn't make anybody afraid.
It's HHS that's making people afraid.
get infected of going to the hospital or dying is something like 40 to 50%.
This is crazy talk.
We all know that except for that high risk group, the probability of your patients going to the hospital, having severe disease or dying is a fraction of a fraction of percent and even lower for the children.
Okay so it's all clustered in certain age groups and high risk cohorts and the rest of us are just getting scared to death by the news press and it serves their interest and sells newspapers I guess and maybe other things but we advocate for apps and other tools for self-assessment of risk.
So why are we vaccinating children against COVID-19?
I'm not gonna belabor this.
This is a already converted audience for the most part, but this is a fascinating recent paper if you haven't seen it right now because it goes into a deep analysis of what the true morbidity and mortality is here from the VAERS system as corrected for known VAERS underreporting.
And you may have seen the recent video out that is based on the data coming from CMMS and I've known of numerous other groups including Dr. Breidel and his group and Steve Kirsch that are diving into the CMMS data and it's consistent with these projections based on the inadequate VAERS system.
Inadequate VAERS system is part of the same EpiGirl operation.
EpiGirl and Kevin McKernan and Matt Crawford and Jessica Rose, that's EpiGirl, Mark Giraudeau, Peter McCullough, John Bodwin were all part of the steering committee and Stephanie Seneff.
We're all part of the steering committee of Steve Kirsch, which I think was just a group of people that bamboozled the members that didn't understand what was going on there.
And that would include me.
And maybe John Baldwin and if and not very many others because I do think that Kevin McKernan and likely Steve Kirsch likely Jessica Rose and likely Stephanie Seneff are all read in they know that they are part of this illusion of consensus about the existence of the virus and prions and amyloidosis and and
and all these things being super important.
And that's why after all these years of pseudo crusading against glyphosate, you know, SNF doesn't say anything about that anymore.
There's nothing is really that, that urgent, you know, if you were, if you were somebody who'd been crusading against something as malevolent as the childhood vaccine schedule in earnest for years already, you would be angry and done and frustrated, or you would have quit and stepped away.
Anybody that's still in it and smiling into the camera and saying, here we go for health freedom another day, welcome, and plays a chicken noise and exciting music without ever getting upset or being sad or expressing any emotion or saying that it's an emergency is full of it.
The people that are in the original Vax movie that you don't see anymore, those people were fighting.
And they realized several years ago that the fight was in vain because the people that were leading the fight were not really fighting for them.
That they'd been used or that their time in the spotlight was all they were going to get.
There are some really hardcore people in the original Vax movie that you don't see anymore at all.
None.
And if you watch that movie again, and I urge you to do it, watch the original Vaxxed again.
See where those people, find those people.
Why aren't those people still the ones that are leading this charge?
The reason why is because the system didn't want real heroes.
The mythology cannot be controlled and curated by real heroes.
It must be controlled and curated by acolytes who understand exactly where the limits of that spectrum of debate are and how to dance along them.
That's the art that these people are engaged in.
That's the magic trick.
They know how to talk around it.
They know how to think around it.
And they know the concepts that can be used to disguise it.
They know how to put a funny tablecloth over the table so you can't see what's under the table.
They know how to distract you from what's under the table by putting interesting things on the table, or playing interesting music, or playing interesting scents in the room, when all the while the important stuff is under the table.
And then you have people on the other side of the table who are also in on it, who also help by saying, oh, wow, look at these flowers.
Or isn't that a nice smell?
Or what are you guys baking?
And people like Robert Malone are recruiting people.
Maybe even just these people are already recruited.
And you're seeing the operation in its fledgling stages before it had ever developed and sharpened into what it is now.
And that's why, in retrospect, it's so easy to see through it.
Moving forward.
Oh, this is, I really don't like to leave people in talks without hope.
and without something forward-looking.
And this particular couple of slides also serves my personal purpose since I'm labeled as an anti-vaxxer.
I just haven't been able to disclose.
A well-characterized adjuvant system composed of alum and CPG.
Okay, right on.
Cool.
You may or may not be aware that I've been at the forefront of advancing the combination of high-dose famonidine and celicoxib as a treatment.
We have three studies, large, randomized, adequately powered clinical trials, quite sophisticated about to begin, one in India,
One is an inpatient study here in the United States, and the other one is a sophisticated virtual outpatient trial here in the United States with multiple sites.
I think we're still looking for site networks, and we're still looking for at least one more hospital for the inpatient group.
And then it's also being done in parallel inpatient in India, with high-dose Fomodanine and Celecoxib.
All those studies are about to start.
The U.S.
studies are funded by Department of Defense.
Okay, so this is not a crazy marginal group that is just doing... So in some ways, you could see that just his participation in those studies, just those being an advisor on those things, being around those things would mean that he's taken money from the existence of COVID.
from the existence of the pandemic, from the potential for more pandemics, from the existence of the gain of function mythology, he's taking a direct profit.
And so is Ryan Cole, so is McKernan, so is Philip Buckhalter, so are all these people, just maybe not from the vaccine, maybe not from transfection or transformation, because it's my patent, but these guys don't give me any money or credit.
So he's getting it other ways.
And it's the same spigot.
It's not a spigot where a few thousand dollars come out of.
We are talking about world health money.
D.O.D.
money.
That's the good kind of money.
I need to get me some D.O.D.
money.
Whack-a-doodle right wing science.
In addition, I've been supporting a company, I just haven't been able to talk about it, called Reliance and Reliance Healthcare.
Reliance happens to be the largest commercial conglomerate in India, run by one of the wealthiest men in the world.
And I work for him.
I'm proud to work for one of the wealthiest men in the world, one of the largest companies in the world, but I, you know, I'm just a horse breeder and an emu guy who would rather be home on his farm, you know,
doing that stuff.
They have a fund that they're obligated from the Indian government to set up it's like tithing of about a billion dollars currently and they're very focused on building a vaccine for the poor.
There's about you know something like a billion poor in India and to vaccinate all those is going to require a product that has a very low price point is very safe because the Indian
government is quite sensitized to vaccine safety consequent to prior experiences with the company Merck and the philanthropic organization Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
And so Mr. Ambani and Reliance has launched quite a while ago, about a year ago, a very rigorous development path for a traditional vaccine.
I know people have talked about Novavax.
I'm not here to pump it.
I just want the public to be aware.
I haven't been talking about my vaccine work because I've been bound through confidentiality with my client, Reliance.
But that's now disclosed.
I presented this a couple weeks ago at a major international vaccine conference.
So this is a traditional product.
It combines two different proteins, the receptor-binding domain of spike, not the whole spike, and the nucleocapsid, a well-characterized adjuvant system composed of alum and CPG.
And it has been rigorously assessed in terms
Hey, Mark, good to see you in the chat.
Did you see the part earlier where we heard Robert Malone say that while he was in Italy, he also met with Cardinal Turksman or something like that and discussed the strategy that he's about to explain with the Vatican as well?
It's a really great clip.
I thought you might like it.
terms of preclinical toxicology and like the RNA vaccines and the adenovirus vaccine.
The non-clinical safety data are very encouraging.
The animal studies are currently in progress and we have clearance to begin a three arm dose escalation safety and immunogenicity study that should be starting in the next few weeks in India.
Yeah he did.
So there is another product and Reliance is very interested in bringing that product into the United States as well.
He said alum, which might not be aluminum.
A-L-U-M adjuvant.
So I don't know if that's, it could be something else.
It could be like the plant.
I don't know.
It's Latin America.
And looking for partners on that.
I'd like to close with a noble lie So this is something I've I've I've Advanced he's gonna close.
It's now entered the poppy.
He's not gonna say anything else.
Do you understand what this is?
This is him saying that these guys already covered everything.
These guys are actually great.
I don't need my work is oh My gosh, my work is done here.
I
Dr. Erso and Dr. Cole and the magnificent Dr. McCullough.
These guys basically hit all the notes.
So he's only got to talk for like 15 minutes and he's going to end with the noble lie.
I was fascinated to hear the governor of Florida the other day talking about the noble lie and how he believes strongly that the noble lie should not be used in public health.
What I wanted to bring to your attention
is these five elements of the noble lie that we've seen rolled out by health and human service leadership, including Mr. Fauci.
And it really underpins what we have been experiencing.
The noble lie includes these five elements.
Herd immunity is required.
Here is him using a slide to outline exactly what he thinks are the most important things that have been lied about in the pandemic.
And you will not find murder,
You will not find the opioid epidemic.
You will not find the population pyramid.
You will not find ventilation.
You will not find supplementary oxygen.
Nothing.
You will find herd immunity.
You will find vaccines are not the only route to herd immunity.
COVID-19 vaccines aren't perfectly safe.
COVID-19 vaccines provide protective, durable immunity.
Is that really a question that we care about?
No, of course it's not.
But all of these questions don't usefully question the existence of the trap in the first place.
They accept it.
We're stuck.
We're stuck with this COVID thing.
Wow.
The noble lie is that RNA can pandemic.
The noble lie is that intramuscular injection is a useful way to give medicine to healthy people.
The noble lie is that we didn't expect these people to die.
We meant to save them, but we couldn't because there was a novel virus.
That's the noble lie.
The noble lie is that AIDS was a epidemic in the gay men.
The noble lie is none of this.
And you're never gonna figure it out if you think that Robert Malone is part of the Calvary riding in to save you on white horses.
And what I'm concerned about is, is that maybe somebody like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been erroneously convinced that these people are heroes.
while their intention all along was to just use him to infiltrate this other side, to convert the libertarian movement in America, the independent movement in America that's largely conservative and convert them to follow Trump in a way that is different or weird or with an end around.
I don't know, I don't wanna.
I don't want to spend too much energy on that other than to know that something very shady is happening and the evidence for it is still available on the internet if you can waste your time enough on the internet to watch a movie or two and just not let the algorithm pick it for you.
But put in a few search terms that get you to this time when these people were saying this stuff and realize that only people who were told to say it would say it.
and only people that were being recruited to assist with saying it would be complimented like Robert Malone just complimented Peter McCullough when he walked in.
Only people that were in on this would be invited to the Vatican?
Why would Robert Malone, a lowly horse farmer and emu breeder,
be coordinating an international summit in Rome and also be meeting with someone at the Vatican, a cardinal at the Vatican.
How in the world, why in the world would Robert Malone be briefing him on that stuff?
It is just too ridiculous at this point to think that all of these videos are freely available on the internet and is only
The only requirement for understanding is to orient yourself in the right direction and then ask the right questions and all the answers will just go pow.
They just appear.
Because once you ask the right questions, then all these things that don't seem to be lined up, you know, they're just all weirdly organized.
Whoops, there they are all lined up.
Wow.
And so social media gets all these things to be twisted around and you think, wow, we're gonna solve it.
But none of these things really fit together at all.
They don't seem to work.
They're like mirror images of each other.
Oops, there it is.
And that's kind of what the slide is in the beginning where they have the cylinder and then it's being shown a light from two different directions.
In one way it looks like a circle and the other way it looks like a square, but the truth is it's a cylinder.
Virology, immunology, and genetics in biology have all been treated and used against us in that way so that we have a shadow of the truth in our mind and that shadow is not enough knowledge, not enough useful knowledge to really understand the implications of the shadow.
And this guy is part of a group of people that I believe was put in place and is working to sustain those shadows as being the primary focus of our attention, instead of understanding that those shadows are produced by combinations of light on something else, which is essentially interpretations of biological data, biological observations and exaggerations
of what those things mean and don't mean, exaggerations of what was accomplished and not accomplished.
And some of the ways that those things are done is by giving Nobel Prizes to things that aren't actually discoveries, Nobel Prizes to things that aren't actually settled science.
And we're fine, we're absolutely fine with accepting the fact that they give Nobel Peace Prizes out to people who don't deserve it, but it never crosses our mind that they might give out a Nobel Prize every once in a while to people and scientists and discoveries who don't deserve it.
Like, you know, solving the folding, the protein folding problem.
Nobody that got the Nobel Prize in 2014 thinks that they solved any problem.
They didn't think that they now understand how space is encoded in the brain, or memories are encoded in the brain.
None of those scientists, Moser, Moser, or O'Keefe think that.
But curiously enough, the guys that got the Nobel Prize this year are happy to go on podcasts and say that, yeah, we solved the protein folding problem.
Kind of, sort of, almost.
Well, it's faster now than it was before, but kind of sort of done the same way anyway, whatever.
That's where we are.
Fake it until you make it.
That's what everybody's doing now.
That's what science is.
That's what medicine is.
That's what...
It's awful.
The noble lie is not on this slide.
The noble lie is absolutely not on this slide.
And in fact, what is on this slide should reveal Robert Malone as being part of this military psychological operation on the internet that was designed to round up any of the cats that might be skeptical, that won't listen to commands, that won't follow the whistles,
And to get them in many little hamster wheels, little arguments as possible.
You want to argue about there's no virus?
Fine.
Here's some dudes to fight with and to fight for and to promote.
You want to argue that the vaccine schedule in America is dangerous?
Here's some people that will stand in front of you and get you to argue about that and all the adjuvants and stuff like that.
You want to argue about
PCR and statistics of overcycling.
Here's some bunch of people who know all about that.
You want to argue about the spike protein and amyloidosis, here's Stephanie Seneff.
She'll be on your stream.
Here's Mary the virologist.
She'll go on Kevin McCarran's stream.
Kevin McCarran will go talk about it on Vajon Health.
Vajon Health will believe anything you tell them.
You can also go on the Doc Malek podcast and say whatever you want to, because he's just all about health freedom.
And so that's how this is done.
It's a fire hose of these people.
And they're all basically reading from the same bullshit script where herd immunity is important in 2021.
Herd immunity.
Stop lying.
to enable economic and social recovery.
Vaccines are the only route to achieving herd immunity.
COVID-19 vaccines are perfectly safe.
The COVID-19 vaccines provide durable protection and immunity.
And natural immunity is short-lived, narrow, and ineffective.
We all know these to be false.
When I first started talking about this about four months ago, this is highly controversial, but it's now abundantly clear that these are all misrepresentations.
Why would they do this?
So this is a fascinating, particularly because of the date, 1984.
This is from the Federal Register.
The Federal Register basically is the logbook that captures federal policy and laws.
And looking back on June 1, 1984, they published that any possible doubts whether or not well-founded about the safety of the vaccine cannot be allowed to exist in view of the need to assure the vaccine will continue to be used with a maximum extent consistent with the nation's public health objectives.
Accordingly, because of the importance of the vaccine and of maintaining public confidence in the immunization program that depends on it, good cause exists to issue these amendments as the final rule effective immediately.
So this has been federal policy since the prior century.
What we are experiencing now is the federal government and the world health community
has the ability to enforce this through propaganda and information control like we have never seen it before.
But don't be surprised that this is happening.
They've told us that this is what they do.
They've been doing it for a very long time.
This is not a unique novel conspiracy.
This has been the policy of our government for decades.
It's just that now they have enormously powerful tools to reinforce it.
And with that, I close, and thank you for your attention.
I hope that was helpful.
I mean, that's pretty extraordinary, right?
There's not really a clear message there.
He's not really trying to save anybody.
I mean, you could give that talk for five years, and it sounds great, but it's not saying anything.
And now, prior to questions, we have a special guest surprise.
Fortunately she was able to be with us today.
I think she's going to give you some information that's going to help you put all of the pieces together of the pandemic and everybody's response to it.
We have the pleasure of introducing Dr. Li-Ming Yan.
She's an MD from the seven-year program at the Xi'an, assuming I'm pronouncing that correctly, my apologies if I hadn't, Medical College, one of the top medical schools in China.
She has a PhD in ophthalmology from China, from the Central Southern Medical University.
She did post-doc fellowship with the WHO.
She was in the H5 Reference Lab, the School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong.
Dr. Yan spent five years researching influenza vaccines, when in January 2020, she investigated Wuhan pneumonia.
At that point, consequently, she had to escape Hong Kong in April 2020, and has been in the United States as an independent virologist, immunologist, and COVID-19 expert.
The very courageous Dr. Li Mingyan,
very courageous don't forget that we watched a video a long time ago where she's on stage and steve bannon also calls her courageous and she's rallying against something to do with you know the people's republican free china or something something something something and and and steve bannon gives her a hug
There's a picture of her and Giuliani and Bannon and some Chinese guy all in the same room.
It's hilarious that these cloak and dagger things went on in the background and yet five years later, we still haven't looked back and to see that we were played, that this was just one big sting.
That's right, if you haven't seen the movie Sting, oh my gosh, I'm so excited that I remembered that.
I think my family and I are gonna watch the Sting this weekend.
Thank you.
Saving the world is so fun.
I mean, you can get international travel.
You can get surfing.
You can get hot tubs, nice shoes.
It's crazy.
You get to see great places like Rome and Bucharest, Romania, or whatever that Budapest, Romania.
I don't know.
What is it?
Which one?
You know, you get, they went to Iceland.
I think they went to Finland or Sweden, or, I mean, it's an amazing, you know, it's amazing.
It was an amazing time in 2021 and 2022 to be a hero like these people.
I'm so jealous.
Thank you, everyone.
Good afternoon, dear doctors.
It's my honor to be invited and give a speech at the AAPS 78th annual meetings.
Actually, I want to tell that it's the first time I prepared the draft for the speech because I really want to show a special speech to all the doctors here.
And the title of my speech today is Origin of SARS-CoV-2 Mandates and Communisms.
We are always in the front lines, doctors.
I am a medical doctor and an independent virologist with over five years of experience working in the WHO H5 reference lab at the University of Hong Kong School of Public Health.
My research expertise include SARS-CoV-2, influenza, and vaccine development.
One of the well-known identity of mine is that I am a whistleblower.
From December 31st, 2019 to mid-January,
2020, as a behest of the WHO reference laboratory, I conducted... Is it possible, if Mark Kulak is still in the audience, is it possible that this could have been the voice that Paul Cottrell said was like calling from Taiwan or something to tell him that remdesivir was working?
Is it possible that we could listen to that and listen to this and compare the two?
I don't think that's a crazy thing to do.
And that would really close a loop very tightly there.
I gotta find that video in the off time and try that.
a confidential investigation of the outbreak in Wuhan.
I used my personal connections inside China's research and hospital systems, as well as the Chinese CDC.
The firsthand information I obtained, plus my expertise allowed me to understand not only the severity and the transmission potential of the COVID-19 disease,
but also the non-nature origin of its responsible pathogen.
I also learned that the Chinese government was hiding information which was deeply worsening the situation.
Aizen decided to expose a formation, hoping the pressure from the international community, which could result from this exposure, may force the Chinese government to take responsible actions and prevent a global health crisis.
On January 19th, 2020, Su Mu... And so her entire talk is gonna be based on the idea that there was a virus, it was released, it's from China, and they're lying about it.
She is the ultimate Scooby-Doo character in this, as a whistleblower since 2019.
Remember, on stage with Steve Bannon, giving him a hug.
I'm not sure.
We don't need to play the rest of this.
There is a lot, though.
They have a lot of questions or something at the end.
It's very... The media on YouTube in Chinese security.
Adjuvants.
Adjuvants can be secret.
So it's interesting, right?
Here's where you see it.
This is no different than in the January 2023 stage performance of Meryl Ness, Robert Malone, Mike Palmer, Asim Malhotra, and Sasha Latupova, the mom of Soph.
It's exactly the same show.
These two, for sure, on the far right, are exactly the same show.
These two guys might be auditioning.
You know, we need a dude to do the disease course.
We need a dude who can do disease course and repurpose drugs.
Oh, I can do that.
I do drugs.
I'm the drug guy.
Oh, OK, cool.
You can do that.
And we need a guy who can do the immunology.
Oh, I can do that.
OK, you do that.
And then we'll do a question and answer afterward and we'll sit on stage.
And now if you see what's going on here, ladies and gentlemen, how it is absolutely preposterous on a planet of 8 billion people from a country of 350 million people that the same two or three or five people would have to be at every international COVID summit.
And are also at Brownstone meetings and also at CHD conferences.
Come on, guys.
So, you know, we have the studies underway, at least in my lab, and I've been collaborating with doctors in other countries as well.
So the short answer is, we don't know.
I think it's an excellent mechanistic explanation.
In addition, you have to look at the CD147 receptor, which is ubiquitous in the body and endothelial cells.
platelets, red cells.
That's why ivermectin works so well is because ivermectin displaces viral subunit off of the CD147 receptor causing disaggregation of clotting.
Wow, that's the first time I've ever heard anyone have any mechanism.
Remember the last times I've asked doctors how does ivermectin work, they don't know.
They only have clinical experience.
No mechanistic example or mechanistic theory at all.
This is an interesting one.
CD47?
is the receptor is displaced by the ivermectin displaces the spike protein from what?
It's a study we will continue to do and look at.
That's we can stain for actual virus itself versus just the spike subunits.
So you know we have the studies underway at least in my lab and I've been collaborating with doctors in other countries as well.
The short answer is we don't know.
I think it's an excellent mechanistic explanation.
In addition, you have to look at the CD147 receptor, which is ubiquitous in the body and endothelial cells, platelets, red cells.
That's why ivermectin works so well is because ivermectin displaces viral subunit off of the CD147 receptor, causing disaggregation of clotting.
So that's a study we will continue to do and look at.
All right, thank you, Dr. Cole.
Is there another question for Dr. Malone?
That is amazing.
Hi, Dr. Malone.
I wondered, since you had research with DoD and DARPA in the past, your thoughts on the current vaccine research utilizing self-amplifying RNA or that based on the VEEV backbone?
Wow, that is way too fast in this narrative.
You are actually, according to my clock, three years ahead of schedule with this question.
Who the hell set you up?
Wow, I wonder what his response will be.
So actually, we were out front on that in the early 90s, and that was... We were out front!
He's out front on all of this.
I mean, all of these things are his.
We were actually out front on that.
I mean, that is awesome.
Wow.
Research that led to the patent on mucosal vaccines with Peter Bergland, who had trained with Peter Lilliestrom at the Karolinska and was a postdoc in our lab.
So the...
The problem, so the alpha virus vaccines, which is really what you're talking about.
They have had a spotty track record in terms of toxicity, particularly neurotoxicity.
I don't wish to cast shade on my good colleague from the Karolinska, who is, I think, on the member of a committee that's going to make an announcement on Monday, so just have some forbearance.
Oh, he's so excited because they're going to announce the Nobel Prize.
It's so gross.
It has been Peter Liljestrom's leading position in developing that tech, and alpha viruses and alpha virus vectors for sure have a chronic history of neuropathology that has compromised their utility for gene therapy in the past, and I can't predict what may come in the future.
Have I answered your question?
Kind of.
Okay to some degree.
Next question please.
Brief please Dr. Thomas.
Adjuvants.
Adjuvants can be secret.
Matrix M used by Novavax can have secret ingredients.
The intelligence community hasn't weighed in on what they've put in and what they haven't put in.
There's one company that doesn't use adjuvants, but uses electroporation instead.
Yeah, I helped found that company.
It's based on my technology.
It's got to be a planted guy in the audience.
It's absurd.
You've got to be kidding me that he would ask that.
Oh my gosh, Mark.
Wouldn't that be better where they couldn't put in these... You're talking about Inovio and there's actually another electric operation company also in San Diego.
So the pulse electrical field work I think has fascinating indications for
rapid response in small populations so that there's no way there's no way that's spontaneous I'm sorry there's no way that's spontaneous these last two questions especially this one there is no way that that is spontaneous we are a day before they're gonna announce the Nobel Prize he has one person in the audience ask a question about self-amplifying RNA so that he can say that they were ahead on that too and then the very next question is what about this company that uses electroporation oh I didn't know that you used
I didn't know that you founded that company.
Oh my shit.
You gotta be kidding me.
Special Ops Command type applications.
Adjuvants.
Adjuvants can be secret.
Matrix-M, used by Novavax, can have secret ingredients.
The intelligence community hasn't weighed in on what they've put in and what they haven't put in.
There's one company that doesn't use adjuvants but uses electroporation instead.
Yeah, I helped found that company.
It's based on my technology.
Wouldn't that be better where they couldn't put in these secrets?
You're talking about Inovio and there's actually another electroporation company also in San Diego.
So the pulse electrical fieldwork I think has fascinating indications for
rapid response in small populations.
So the DOD is a big fan of this for special ops command type applications.
But for global deployment not so much.
I don't know if you've ever electroporated yourself or participated in a clinical trial using pulsed electrical fields for gene delivery and vaccination, but it causes muscle contractions and that's a general way of putting it.
So the patient's satisfaction has been rather low with the technology.
That's the first time I've ever had anybody say that before.
I just thought you had electroporated in the skin, so it would be kind of a local phenomenon.
Interesting, interesting, interesting.
There are ways to circumvent this, but the efficacy of the Inovio product was championed by Francis Collins during the Zika outbreak.
and those vaccines uh so francis collins was championing the inovio vaccine so i guess that means that francis collins who also knows tony fauci and mark lander and kevin mckernan because they all know each other from the famous human genome project also knows robert malone because because why again what excuse me what
It turned out in practice to not be very good at this for special ops command type applications but for global deployment not so much.
I don't know if you've ever electroporated yourself or participated in a clinical trial using post electrical fields for gene delivery and vaccination but it causes muscle contractions and that's a general way of putting it.
So the patient's satisfaction has been rather low with the technology and there are ways to circumvent this but the efficacy of the Inovio product was championed by Francis Collins during the Zika outbreak and those vaccines turned out in practice to
That has to be a significant admission.
I've never heard that before, that Francis Collins championed his vaccine for the Zika outbreak.
This is an admission of a connection that cannot be dismissed, and it was never said on any podcast with Tommy.
I never heard him say it in any lecture that I've ever listened to before.
This is a direct connection to the very people that supposedly say it's a natural virus that funded these.
That's crazy.
Not be very effective.
You'll recall also that Inovio tried very hard to and actually met in the White House.
to advance their own product for this outbreak and that has not been as successful.
In contrast, there is a DNA vaccine, a traditional DNA vaccine by needle injection that is currently authorized in India.
So the DNA vaccines are moving forward and they don't necessarily need to have the pulsed electrical field.
I hope, if you wish to discuss that further, you can look at my papers or others, but I had high hopes for post-electrical field-based vaccines, because they do get the polynucleotide and dendritic cells, but that doesn't seem to have panned out, and I don't think it's going to be very practical for mass deployment.
Thank you, Dr. Malone.
If you need to catch your plane, we'll continue, but thank you kindly.
Another hand for Dr. Malone.
Look how much fun they have saving the world in 2021.
It's not that urgent.
Nobody's in danger.
It's fine.
We're just a year into it.
A year and a half into it.
It's October of 2021.
There was an October of 2020.
And in October of 2020, we were already six months in.
six months into this list of lies and this beginning of the managing of this population pyramid problem with murder and lies.
Look at this.
Biology is the way, ladies and gentlemen.
We've got to fight for this for our kids.
We need to get out of this illusion of consensus, this limited spectrum of debate that is being curated by these grifters.
They are making sure that we don't see through the intellectual property illusion.
They're making sure that we don't ever acknowledge that we had a population pyramid problem that needed managing with murder.
They don't want you to know that we are slowly having our sovereignty eroded to the point where our children will grow up as experimental animals or maybe our grandkids.
Maybe we just need to have a slightly longer time horizon than social media in order to see what these people have done.
That's why it's so hard to look at tweet history.
That's why it's so hard to scroll backwards.
That's definitely what they don't want you to do is have a memory.
Because if you have a memory, then you'll be able to add up what these people did in the past and see that we have been inside of a limited spectrum of debate curated by these acolytes.
That limited spectrum of debate was about free-range RNA molecules, or natural RNA viruses, or the fact that there are none of those things.
And molecular biology itself is a lie.
And now the two sides of the coin have come to surrender to the fact that, well, we don't agree on those things, but at least we can agree on processed foods being bad and seed oils being bad, fast food being bad, high fructose corn syrup being bad, or fluoride in the water being crazy.
And we're gonna have all kinds of debates about this stuff.
And maybe even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
will be successful in testing the vaccines and making them safe.
In a couple years, that's what Brett Weinstein said on his podcast.
That's what Brett Weinstein said on his podcast yesterday.
That's what Steve Kirsch said on Stu Peters' podcast two months ago.
is that Robert F. Kennedy Jr., with the help of Donald Trump, is going to get the data on the vaccines, is going to make sure that our vaccine schedule is safe by testing them, finally, against placebo.
That's what Bret Weinstein said yesterday.
And we're not talking about GMO plants, GMO insects, stem cell research and how might it be used.
We're not talking about intramuscular injection to augment healthy people as being dumb.
We're not talking about the growing, ever growing and expanding remnant sales that are generated by the testing.
nevermind the remnant sales that were already there a long time ago with the encouraged use of cesarean sections and the encouraged and facilitation of abortion.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must break our children out of this limited spectrum of debate by dismissing the people who curate it.
by identifying the people who aren't ready to move on to a new biology 101, where we don't talk about evolution all the time as being the explanation for everything.
We don't talk about genes as being the evolution explanation for everything, the currency of it.
We don't talk about intramuscular injection as being a great idea or obvious.
And instead, we have doctors that finally understand the irreducible complexity of our own biology to know that intramuscular injection on its face, just draw the cartoon, it's dumb.
And we should have lawyers that are arguing that the government needs to be held to strict scrutiny whenever we have laws that enable the government to suspend fundamental rights.
We should have law professors teaching this as a fundamental principle.
We should have congressmen that understand it and passing laws that have this principle embedded within them and striking laws.
The courts should be striking laws that don't have this embedded within them.
And if we were actually fighting our way out, we would have lawyers like that.
We would have doctors like that.
We would have teachers like that.
And that's why we need it.
We need to fight.
That's why we need GigaOM Biological.
We need Housatonic ITS.
We need the Liberty Perspective.
We need Grace's dad.
Thank you very much for joining me.
If you liked what you saw, please go to GigaOM Biological and find a way to support the work.
And if you want to share it, please share it from stream.gigaom.bio because that's paid for by my own money.
Thanks very much.
See you again soon.